README.md, before:

# Couchr

Edward
Jamie
Sheldon
Christie
Will

An app for tracking all of your new and favorite movies.

## Intended Market

Anyone who enjoys movies and wants to track their watch history, and 
those indecisive people who watch movies together.


## Functionality

MVP:
- display a large libary of films
- user creation and authentication
- track a users liked, watched, and want-to-watch movies
- movie search feature: by title or cast member
- allow users to create new movie lists, which can be public or private, 
or visible to friends
- a movie details page, that provides in depth information on each title
    - average rating per title
    - user reviews for each title
    - youtube trailer

Stretch Goals:
- users can leave reviews and ratings on the movies
- user friends
- comparing multiple users watchlist to suggest a movie to watch together
- recently watched / recent activity page for each user
    - 5 most recent movies watched


## Design

* [API design](docs/apis.md)
* [Data model](docs/data-model.md)
* [GHI](docs/ghi.md)
* [Integrations](docs/integrations.md)

Commit message:

readme stretch goal for streaming services

README.md, after:

# Couchr

Edward
Jamie
Sheldon
Christie
Will

An app for tracking all of your new and favorite movies.

## Intended Market

Anyone who enjoys movies and wants to track their watch history, and 
those indecisive people who watch movies together.


## Functionality

MVP:
- display a large libary of films
- user creation and authentication
- track a users liked, watched, and want-to-watch movies
- movie search feature: by title or cast member
- allow users to create new movie lists, which can be public or private, 
or visible to friends
- a movie details page, that provides in depth information on each title
    - average rating per title
    - user reviews for each title
    - youtube trailer

Stretch Goals:
- users can leave reviews and ratings on the movies
- user friends
- comparing multiple users watchlist to suggest a movie to watch together
- recently watched / recent activity page for each user
    - 5 most recent movies watched
- add streaming services to the movies detail page


## Design

* [API design](docs/apis.md)
* [Data model](docs/data-model.md)
* [GHI](docs/ghi.md)
* [Integrations](docs/integrations.md)
