docs/journals/sheldon.md, before:

## 8/29
Today work with Edward together, we list all the actor's name, character's name and gener name to the detail page. Add actor's image to detail page, add success message and error message when add movie to the list, make the gener's name to a link. We try to create a pop-up model to create a new list, will continue work on it tomorrow. 
## 8/25
Add Nav bar to all the pages, make movie list's pagination to shouw 25 movies for each page. Today Edward test add movie to user's list, it works. It's the first time we make connection with frontend and backend. We will spent some time on sync frontend and backend next week.
## 8/24
Today we have made a big change to the movies list page and movie detail page by using CSS and CSS Bootstrap. On movie list page we made every movie object to a card. We try to set mutiple pages for movie list but it didn't work today. 
## 8/23
Today we have completed the first draft of movie detail page, Merged everying in front-end branch. Compared to yesterday I am happy that today we focused on the functionality of the detail page all day long.
## 8/22
Today we re-edited docker-compose file to make sure everyone's container works. I spent a lot of time installing npm, finally when I turned off the wifi and connection to the network cable then the bug went away. We have completed the first draft of movie list page.
## 8/19
It's been a tough day, we spend whole day to try to make our react container work, but it didn't work until 8PM. Finally I deleted my local project and re-cloned from our repo then everything works. 
## 8/18
We received our feedback from Dalonte and he provided lots of useful advice, especially advice on user authentication and how to choose a good 3rd party API. We dockerized project and discussed our individual parts. I was focusing on Movies microservice. Christie and Jamie created a logo for our website. It’s amazing and we all like it! Even though we have our own parts, we communicated a lot to ensure everyone is on the same page. I’m glad to be a part of this team.
## 8/17
We discussed and established different Microservices, it was not as simple as I expected since every function is related to each other. In the end we decided three Microservices, Movie, Favorites list and Accounts. Today’s task is a good practice for me to understand Microservices.
## 8/16
We discussed the main functionalists and basic structure and created wireframes using Excalidraw. We came up with models and attributes for the project and identified aggregates and bonded context. These helped us to have a better understanding of the project and made sure everyone is on the same page.
## 8/15
Today is the first day we worked together as a group. We did some brainstorming. Everyone has many grate ideas, and we narrowed down to 6: travel, music, movie, restaurant, cocktail and sport. We finally decided our project idea, movie, and our team name, Couchr!

Commit message:

pop-up model done. change add to list icon. add some icons under detail image

docs/journals/sheldon.md, after:

## 8/30
Make 'add to list' icon to a dropdowm button, and in dropdown list we put a 'create new list' option there. Add pop-up model to 'create new list' option then it pop-up a form which can let us create a new list to database. We also change some CSS style for detail page, like the background and icons. Tomorrow we will work on list lists page.
## 8/29
Today work with Edward together, we list all the actor's name, character's name and gener name to the detail page. Add actor's image to detail page, add success message and error message when add movie to the list, make the gener's name to a link. We try to create a pop-up model to create a new list, will continue work on it tomorrow. 
## 8/25
Add Nav bar to all the pages, make movie list's pagination to shouw 25 movies for each page. Today Edward test add movie to user's list, it works. It's the first time we make connection with frontend and backend. We will spent some time on sync frontend and backend next week.
## 8/24
Today we have made a big change to the movies list page and movie detail page by using CSS and CSS Bootstrap. On movie list page we made every movie object to a card. We try to set mutiple pages for movie list but it didn't work today. 
## 8/23
Today we have completed the first draft of movie detail page, Merged everying in front-end branch. Compared to yesterday I am happy that today we focused on the functionality of the detail page all day long.
## 8/22
Today we re-edited docker-compose file to make sure everyone's container works. I spent a lot of time installing npm, finally when I turned off the wifi and connection to the network cable then the bug went away. We have completed the first draft of movie list page.
## 8/19
It's been a tough day, we spend whole day to try to make our react container work, but it didn't work until 8PM. Finally I deleted my local project and re-cloned from our repo then everything works. 
## 8/18
We received our feedback from Dalonte and he provided lots of useful advice, especially advice on user authentication and how to choose a good 3rd party API. We dockerized project and discussed our individual parts. I was focusing on Movies microservice. Christie and Jamie created a logo for our website. It’s amazing and we all like it! Even though we have our own parts, we communicated a lot to ensure everyone is on the same page. I’m glad to be a part of this team.
## 8/17
We discussed and established different Microservices, it was not as simple as I expected since every function is related to each other. In the end we decided three Microservices, Movie, Favorites list and Accounts. Today’s task is a good practice for me to understand Microservices.
## 8/16
We discussed the main functionalists and basic structure and created wireframes using Excalidraw. We came up with models and attributes for the project and identified aggregates and bonded context. These helped us to have a better understanding of the project and made sure everyone is on the same page.
## 8/15
Today is the first day we worked together as a group. We did some brainstorming. Everyone has many grate ideas, and we narrowed down to 6: travel, music, movie, restaurant, cocktail and sport. We finally decided our project idea, movie, and our team name, Couchr!
