docs/journals/will.md, before:

## 9/7
Worked on the rendering of the users default lists with Sheldon on the user page. Wrote
the view function that filters and returns all of the public lists. Looking to tomorrow
we will render the individual list cards from the list data.
## 9/6
Worked through the list creation for the three main lists, and a blocker on the custom
list display on the movie detail page.
## 9/2
Fixed a blocker for accessing the username and token from the context.
## 9/1
Worked with Edward on accessing our api from the front end by passing the username 
through the url.
## 8/31
Worked on fixing the last issues with the authentication with edward.
## 8/30
I ran into a blocker with the authenitcation not sending the requests correctly, but
we were able to get that solved. I worked with sheldon and edward to implement a form
that is modal pop up.
## 8/29
I worked with Christie and Jamie on a blocker for the main page where we gather popular
movies. We were able to get it to a place where the movies are render but it is 
unpredictable and takes a long time to render the small amount of movies.
## 8/25
I built the pagination feature for when we list out or movies. The main code if there
but for now it lacks styling.
## 8/24
Edward and I did some paired programing on our list views. I created a signup feature, 
but I'm still having issues with the logout giving me a 403 error but its getting closer.
## 8/23
We created our branches, Edward and I connected the new django project to the postgres 
database. I spent a lot of the day working on the authentication but Zach and I found
and issue with the cookbook, so that will get put on the backburner until it gets fixed.
## 8/22
We went in and recreated the main application, we needed to do this so that everyone 
was caught up and on the same page. This past weekend I worked a lot on the user auth 
service and was able to make a little bit of progress this morning. We are going to go 
over our group process for pushing/pulling and after that we should have a good work-
flow going forward.
## 8/19
Today we worked on getting the base files for the react app set up so that the members 
working on the front end could start coding. I had a lot of issues with docker today 
but by the end of the day with the help of the seirs and teammates we got a base set up 
working. We have a lot of different branchesgoing at the moment and we will probably 
need to be pruning those off in the futureonce we have a better understanding of our 
project workflow.
## 8/18:
We discussed the neccessary models for the project and removed the movie model in place
of just the movie_vo model. I spent time today reading and looking at resources to 
create the user authenication feature of the application. I helped with a couple of 
blockers related to setting up the codebase.

Commit message:

clickable list cards that display movies for the default lists

docs/journals/will.md, after:

## 9/9
Worked on making the list cards clickable and to take the user to a different component
that lists the movies in this list.
## 9/8
Sheldon and I worked on getting the list cards to display the first 4 images of the list, 
this took nearly all of the time to figure out.
## 9/7
Worked on the rendering of the users default lists with Sheldon on the user page. Wrote
the view function that filters and returns all of the public lists. Looking to tomorrow
we will render the individual list cards from the list data.
## 9/6
Worked through the list creation for the three main lists, and a blocker on the custom
list display on the movie detail page.
## 9/2
Fixed a blocker for accessing the username and token from the context.
## 9/1
Worked with Edward on accessing our api from the front end by passing the username 
through the url.
## 8/31
Worked on fixing the last issues with the authentication with edward.
## 8/30
I ran into a blocker with the authenitcation not sending the requests correctly, but
we were able to get that solved. I worked with sheldon and edward to implement a form
that is modal pop up.
## 8/29
I worked with Christie and Jamie on a blocker for the main page where we gather popular
movies. We were able to get it to a place where the movies are render but it is 
unpredictable and takes a long time to render the small amount of movies.
## 8/25
I built the pagination feature for when we list out or movies. The main code if there
but for now it lacks styling.
## 8/24
Edward and I did some paired programing on our list views. I created a signup feature, 
but I'm still having issues with the logout giving me a 403 error but its getting closer.
## 8/23
We created our branches, Edward and I connected the new django project to the postgres 
database. I spent a lot of the day working on the authentication but Zach and I found
and issue with the cookbook, so that will get put on the backburner until it gets fixed.
## 8/22
We went in and recreated the main application, we needed to do this so that everyone 
was caught up and on the same page. This past weekend I worked a lot on the user auth 
service and was able to make a little bit of progress this morning. We are going to go 
over our group process for pushing/pulling and after that we should have a good work-
flow going forward.
## 8/19
Today we worked on getting the base files for the react app set up so that the members 
working on the front end could start coding. I had a lot of issues with docker today 
but by the end of the day with the help of the seirs and teammates we got a base set up 
working. We have a lot of different branchesgoing at the moment and we will probably 
need to be pruning those off in the futureonce we have a better understanding of our 
project workflow.
## 8/18:
We discussed the neccessary models for the project and removed the movie model in place
of just the movie_vo model. I spent time today reading and looking at resources to 
create the user authenication feature of the application. I helped with a couple of 
blockers related to setting up the codebase.
